and then guys youtube doing another
Video lessons
talking about the ry printer is 200
when printing is
printing missing colors or leaving
a wrong impression ends up
First step you have to look at one
ink system
How am I showing the video?
This certain they have even been linked to
up and down is not going to run ink
for the cartridges being turned on and
when you print and do not leave with certain
What you should do is the following I will
show what you should do you guys come
name in the start menu
is showing on devices and
printer
I opened this screen fac
the epson icon and 206 clinton will come
in print reference will show
this page
you see maintenance and cleaning of
head under the guard a little to show the
head cleaning and heavy cleaning
you write on start and it will make the
cleaning pickup truck when you're done
press ok and make a new impression
you make a bad impression
if you come to the impression and do not
I usually leave new you do the cleaning
intense
remembering that you do a two clean
normal cleaning and intensive cleaning
doing is in the presidency
she will correct 15 of us
cartridges
because of that you will have another one
result
if this does not happen to stay
well you're kind of in the printer and
try again
if this does not resolve your
if you contact the
air assistance
so hope you helped change